README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Reality Toolkit by the Reality Collective
(an official fork of the XRTK - Mixed Reality Toolkit)

<!-- ![The Mixed Reality Toolkit](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/XRTK/XRTK-Core/development/images/Branding/XRTK_Logo_1200x250.png)-->

The Toolkit's primary focus is to make it extremely easy to get started creating Mixed Reality applications and to accelerate deployment to multiple platforms from the same Unity project.

## Getting Started

(Coming Soon))

## Overview

Developing Mixed Reality Applications in Unity is hard, and we know there are many developers who are frustrated with the current state of both game and general application development within the Mixed Reality ecosystem: a quickly developing market that encompasses the whole spectrum from Mobile Augmented Reality to high-end Virtual Reality.

To improve this situation, the Toolkit's vision is simple, to provide a complete cross-platform solution for AR/XR/VR development that supports three different developer skill levels:

- **Beginner** No Coding Required: Perfect for artists, Hackathons, and Quick Prototyping.

- **Intermediate** Customizable: The framework is flexible enough so coders can customize what they need to cover edge cases with ease.

- **Advanced** Extensible: The framework is easy to extend and modify to add additional custom services to meet specific criteria and needs.

Our philosophy is to enable developers to focus on building content and structure and not have to worry about the underlying complexities for supporting multiple platforms in order to build it everywhere and on each device as required.  In short, built it once and ship it everywhere with as little effort as possible.

We’d like to invite all the major hardware vendors to help guide their platform-specific implementations, from Microsoft’s Windows Mixed Reality and Magic Leap’s Lumin OS to Google’s ARCore and Apple’s ARKit.  Including any upcoming Mixed Reality capable devices that would like to be included for adoption.

## Supported Platforms

A major component of the Toolkit are the Platform definitions that are employed to both accurately determine what platforms have been added to the scope of the project and also to determine when a platform is active/running.

## Current Platforms

- Meta (formally Oculus)
- Pico

## Additional Controller interfaces

- Ultraleap


## In development

- Windows XR (OpenXR for HL2)
- WebXR
- SteamVR
- etee

Commit message:

Add docs for using the template generator

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Reality Toolkit by the Reality Collective
(an official fork of the XRTK - Mixed Reality Toolkit)

![The Reality Toolkit by the Reality Collective](/assets/branding/Reality-Collective.png)

The Toolkit's primary focus is to make it extremely easy to get started creating Mixed Reality applications and to accelerate deployment to multiple platforms from the same Unity project.

### [Check out the project here](https://github.com/realitycollective/realitytoolkit.dev)

## Getting Started

(Coming Soon))

Some documentation for generating additional UPM platforms for the Reality Toolkit:

* [Using the Reality Collective repository generator to create new platforms](/_posts/2022-03-13-using-project-template-generator.md)

## Overview

Developing Mixed Reality Applications in Unity is hard, and we know there are many developers who are frustrated with the current state of both game and general application development within the Mixed Reality ecosystem: a quickly developing market that encompasses the whole spectrum from Mobile Augmented Reality to high-end Virtual Reality.

To improve this situation, the Toolkit's vision is simple, to provide a complete cross-platform solution for AR/XR/VR development that supports three different developer skill levels:

- **Beginner** No Coding Required: Perfect for artists, Hackathons, and Quick Prototyping.

- **Intermediate** Customizable: The framework is flexible enough so coders can customize what they need to cover edge cases with ease.

- **Advanced** Extensible: The framework is easy to extend and modify to add additional custom services to meet specific criteria and needs.

Our philosophy is to enable developers to focus on building content and structure and not have to worry about the underlying complexities for supporting multiple platforms in order to build it everywhere and on each device as required.  In short, built it once and ship it everywhere with as little effort as possible.

We’d like to invite all the major hardware vendors to help guide their platform-specific implementations, from Microsoft’s Windows Mixed Reality and Magic Leap’s Lumin OS to Google’s ARCore and Apple’s ARKit.  Including any upcoming Mixed Reality capable devices that would like to be included for adoption.

## Supported Platforms

A major component of the Toolkit are the Platform definitions that are employed to both accurately determine what platforms have been added to the scope of the project and also to determine when a platform is active/running.

## Current Platforms

- Meta (formally Oculus)
- Pico

## Additional Controller interfaces

- Ultraleap


## In development

- Windows XR (OpenXR for HL2)
- WebXR
- SteamVR
- etee
